Policies
(these can be ul>li)

Health Policy
----------------------------
For the protection of all children in our program, we will not accept a child with a temperature, or showing signs of illness or communicable disease. 

If your child contracts a communicable disease please contact the school so that notices may be sent to other families. 

If your child has an allergy, but is well enough to attend school, please bring a physician's statement to that effect. 

If your child becomes ill at school, either you or a designated guardian will be expected to pick up your child immediately. Should your child be sent home with a fever, a 24-hour absence is mandatory.

Contagious symptoms require a note from a physician before returning to school.

All medications must have a physician's instructions, and a permission form must be signed before medication will be administered. 

For the health and safety of others, food items that contain peanuts or that may have been processed with peanut ingredients are not allowed at Magic Hours. Due to allergies, all nut products are prohibited. 


Report Cards & Parent Conferences
----------------------------
Pre-Kindergarten children will bring home a progress report twice a year: the end of November and the end of May. If you have any questions concerning your child's adjustment, development and progress, please do not hesitate to call to make an appointment to discuss them. 

Parents are encouraged to visit our facility at any time, and are invited to assist staff members with holiday parties, or to stop by any time to share a moment with the children. 

Dress & Clothing Policy
----------------------------
Please dress your child in comfortable play clothes, which he or she can manage alone. 

Shoes need to be adequate for safe outdoor and indoor play. 

Please label all clothing, including coats and sweaters. 

Each child will need to keep an extra change of clothing at school. Each article should be labeled and brought in a shoebox or backpack. 

Children who nap will need to bring a crib-sized or half sheet labeled with his or her name. Blankets will be sent home at the end of the week to be cleaned and need to be returned the following Monday.

Nap time
----------------------------
Children nap daily in Rooms 1 and 2. 

Naps are an option for children in Room 3 as long as there is space available in the nap rooms. 

Sleep is never a forced issue, however, children must remain in quiet activity on their classroom cots.

See note on blankets above.

Discipline
----------------------------
The Magic Hours List of Positive Discipline: 

We anticipate trouble,
give gentle reminders, 
distract to a positive model, 
offer choices, 
clarify messages, 
overlook small annoyances, 
point out natural consequences, 
provide renewal time, 
give hugs and caring, 
give praise or compliments, 
offer encouragement, 
arrange discussion among the children, 
provide discussion with an adult. 


Registration and Tuition Terms
----------------------------
We are Licensed for children ages 24 months through kindergarten.

A non-refundable registration fee of $150.00 per enrollment is required upon enrollment, and a last week's fee must be paid in advance (this amount must remain current with the tuition rates and program changes).

Upon enrollment, payment will be accepted in the form of checks, money order, cash or credit card. Written receipts are provided upon request. End of year statements are not provided.

Tuition payment is due on the first day of your child's attendance with us each week. If you prefer to pay monthly or bi-weekly, that may be done in advance. 

There will be a $30.00 late fee charged, per week, if payment is made after Wednesday morning of each week. 

We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. 

Magic Hours reserves the right to remain exempt from any and all legal procedures between parental partners. 

The enrolling adult is financially responsible for tuition. Payment from the enrolling parent only will be accepted. 

Any fee charged to Magic Hours by the State Department of Social Services, that is due to negligence on the part of any parent will be a fine assessed directly to the parent. 


Abstenteeism & Attendance
----------------------------
If your child is with us at anytime during the week, then the full tuition is owed for that week. 

If your child misses everyday that week, whether through illness or vacation, then half the tuition amount is due. 

Should you plan to withdraw your child for more than 30 days, a re-registration fee of $150.00 may be paid before you leave to guarantee a place when you return. 

Parents are required to give a one-week advance notice when enrollment is discontinued. 


bquote
----------------------------
As a military family, we really appreciate the level of detail and organization that the Magic Hours staff gives to make things run smoothly. It's a great help for those of us with demanding schedules.

-- Sgt. Gerald I.J.


